feat: Adds a qa document (#278)
HathorNetwork/hathor-explorer: QA.md

1. Click Next and see that the transactions have changed
1. Verify that the page no longer updates in realtime
1. Copy the URL and open in another browser: the same txs must be shown on both screens even if new txs have arrived
1. Click on a block and confirm it navigates to `/transaction/{tx_id}`

### 4. Tokens List
1. Navigate to "Tokens" -> "Tokens List" on the header menu
1. The url now is `/tokens`
1. Confirm there are 10 rows and a search box in the main page
1. There is no realtime update expectation here
1. Verify that some columns allow ordering by clicking on their header: Name, Symbol and Created At. 
1. Click on one of those and validate that the list is updated correctly, even with elements that were not visible and not even loaded before ( for example, "Created at" descending/ascending )
1. Click on the "Next" button and confirm that the tokens list has changed
1. Confirm also that the url has not changed, and will not replicate this exact state if shared to another window
1. If the column headers is clicked, the pagination returns to the first page
1. Click a token row and confirm it navigates to `/token_detail/{uid}`

#### 4.1 Tokens Search

> 1. Search for a transaction `uid` and confirm it's the only one to show as a result

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Search for a token `uid` (see example in the References section) and confirm it's the only one to show as a result
```
